# hello-world
Core-Chip repository

Core-Chip is a peer-to-peer cryptocurrency created by Outabox Studios as an in-game payment and reward system for all their upcoming games and related projects. Core-Chip will embody a physical form throughout Outabox Studios' Outaverse, meaning all related characters and NPC's throughout the universe created by Outabox Studios will recognize Core-Chip in its minted form. Core-Chip is a unique cryptocurrency and is the first of its kind to introduce the vein breaking system to the world of crypto. Throughout Outabox Studios' video games, Core-Chip will be collectible. Players will be able to access VIP locations and gain access to specialized items and apparel with Core-Chip. The very first lengthy video game to introduce Core-Chip will be Outabox Studios' upcoming action, adventure, survival, horror video game named, Dead Zone: The Blair Hill Incident. Core-Chip will be introduced in it's purest split form known as Coranium and Gold. As an introduction to Core-Chip's lore, players will be able to mint their very own Core-Chips by scavenging for the needed supplies and materials to start the minting process of their very own Core-Chips, this includes side quests of actually finding the respective minerals known as "Coranium" and gold before activating the 'Mint me some treasure' quest. Once the player has minted his or her very own Core-Chip, more side quests will be unlocked and guides specifically dedicated to the use of Core-Chip throughout the playthrough of Dead-Zone will become available. As stated earlier on, Core-Chip will be fully collectible and players will be able to withdraw their very own Core-Chip from the game should certain criterias be met.

In Outabox Studios' upcoming cyberpunk game, Project Illeneum, Core-Chip will also be noticed and recognized in its physical form. The only difference is, because Project Illeneum is set in the far future, Core-Chip will be more established and have significant value, especially to the elite. This is where the decimal points come in handy for the player, and it will enable players to have more in-game Core-Chip than they actually have in their wallet. Because Core-Chip as a cryptocurrency in the real life have 8 decimals, 1 Core-Chip in its cryptocurrency form will be equal to the value of 1 000 000.00 Core-Chip throughout the game. This means that even though players only have 0.005 or so Core-Chip in their account, it will still be enough to gain access to certain pros throughout the game.

In hindsight, Core-Chip is a great and fun cryptocurrency to invest in, and it's Outabox Studios' intention to push Core-Chip beyond its limits.
